Pebble Hills University (PHU) is the U.S. state of City of Newark, Country of New Castle largest comprehensive public university, The Pebble Hills University programs are designed to for students from various backgrounds and to prepare them for higher positions through a variety of teaching methods: traditional methods (lectures, seminars, group projects and independent research efforts) as well as the case method and computer simulated games, depending on which approach is most appropriate for the
particular course of interest.

History

Founded in 1990 and headquartered in Vancouver, Canada,CHARTERED INSTITUTE OF MANAGEMENT (CIM) is the first Federally Chartered professional body in Canada to utilizeaction research and work
-
based assessment models for competency evaluation. Today CIM has extended its professional presence in the Asia

Pacific region and has members in several countries and territories including China, Hong Kong SAR and Malaysia.CIM has evolved in response to today's complex, competitive and rapidly changing work environment and the Memorandum of Objectives recently revised by CIM has expanded the scope and practice to include advisory and counseling services to educational organizations as may be deemed appropriate to the ongoing professional development of the business administration and
human resources management programmes.PHU MBA graduates are eligible to apply for the award of Chartered Manager and Fellow of Business Management, FBM designation from CIM. We highlyrecommend our graduates to obtain the said designation and award.The Institute of Management Specialists (IMS), founded in 1971, is a United Kingdom basedprofessional qualification awarding body.The IMS is listed in British Qualifications
–
the British Council’s reference book, published by Kogan Page Ltd. Applicants will be assessed on their education, training, knowledge, skill and experience (K.S.E.) and responsibility. The Faculty of Professional Business and Tech nical Management is listed in British Qualifications
-
the British Council’s reference book, published by Kogan Page Ltd.and is listed in the BTEC Higher National Professional Recognition & Progression Directory.Applicants will be assessed on theirKnowledge, Skill, Experience (K.S.E.), education, training, and responsibility. Due consideration will be given to those who are qualified only by practical experience. There are many people who,through no fault of their own, have not had the opportunity to gain academic qualifications during
their careers. These people may also apply for membership based on their own individual merits, practical experience and position

Academics

The programs are designed to improve the knowledge and competence of human resources in various aspects of life as well as to convert those who have graduated in other fields into people with the right skills and outlook needed in the dynamic and turbulent global challenging environment. Therefore, its academic and professional programs are multidisciplinary and as such, they are committed to “balanced excellence?. The University programs are designed to attract prospective students from various backgrounds and prepare them for higher positions through a variety of teaching methods: traditional methods (lectures, seminars, group projects and independent research efforts) as well as the case method and Computer simulated games, depending on which approach is most appropriate for the particular course of interest. Again, the teaching methods are designed to help integrate theory with practice, which is the need of the contemporary students across various national boundaries.   Consequently, the overriding philosophy of the University is to prepare managers, administrators, scientists, engineers, technologists and agriculturists for critical tasks of the moment and for the future. This objective will be met by providing a foundation on which students can build and grow after they graduate; a foundation sufficiently general to be relevant to a broad range of management, social and technology contexts. 

Centre for Degree Programs
Degree Completion Program
Top-up Degree Program        
Computer and IT    
 MSc Computer Science (Cisco Network Management)
MSc Networking & Systems Administration (Microsoft Networking/Linux Stream/Oracle Stream)
Social Sciences
MSc Forensic Psychology and Criminal Investigation
Business and Finance
MBA General/CMA/Finance
Master of Finance (FRM Concentration)
MSc Management (Internal Auditing) (Based on CIA Curriculum)
MSc Financial Analysis and Portfolio Management (Based on CFA Curriculum)
DBA
Arts and Education
MA TESOL

Global Research Centre

Pebble Hills University Research Center is interdisciplinary and multi-departmental. Department Centers should rightly be programs within departments. Supported departments are: Engineering and Advanced Technology, Financial and Business Studies and Life and Human-based Studies.      


Our Global Presence


Pebble Hills University has now been awarded full accreditation by International Organization. International Accreditation Organization had firstly granted the institute candidacy status and now after a visit to the premises of the institute and methodical evaluation of practical education practices, Pebble Hills University is now a fully accredited institution by International Accreditation Organization. The Pebble Hills University programs are designed to for students from various backgrounds and to prepare them for higher positions through a variety of teaching methods: traditional methods (lectures, seminars, group projects and independent research efforts) as well as the case method and computer simulated games, depending on which approach is most appropriate for the particular course of interest. Moreover, the overriding philosophy of the University is to prepare managers, administrators, scientists, engineers, technologists and agriculturists for critical tasks of the moment and for the future. During the on-site visit of Pebble Hills University, it was evaluated on different important aspects and the decision of awarding accreditation was made by the evaluating team. International Accreditation Organization also commends Pebble Hills University, for providing a exclusive perspective to education management, and a well planned infrastructure with all the essential facilities, and on the panel of qualified faculty members. Currently the following associations are partners with IAO: Department of Adult & Higher Education, Ministry of Education (Bhutan), The National Commission for University Evaluation and Accreditation (Argentina), The National Higher Education Accreditation (Costa Rica), The Accreditation and Quality Assurance Commission (Palestine), The Agency for Development of Higher Education and Quality Assurance (Bosnia and Herzegovina), Accreditacion Agencia (Chile), The Quality Assurance & Accreditation Council (Sri Lanka), Public Agency for accreditation of Higher Education (Albania), Center for Quality Assurance and Accreditation for HEI (Libya) and Higher Education Quality Evaluation Centre (Latvia), etc. IAO's accreditation standards are recognized by International Education Accreditation Commission. The IEAC is a global organization devoted to the establishment, maintenance and ongoing improvement of standards of accreditation agencies across the globe serving online education. 

http://www.pebblehills.edu
